NON-EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTION LICENSE

I hereby grant to Ball State University the non-exclusive right to retain,
reproduce, transfer and distribute the deposited work in whole or in part
worldwide in print and electronic format and in any media, including but not
limited to audio or video.  

This agreement does not represent a transfer of copyright to Ball State
University

I agree that Ball State University may make and keep multiple copies of the
work and may transfer the work to any media or format for the purposes of
security, back-up, preservation and access.

I represent and warrant to Ball State University that the work is my original
work. I also represent that the work does not, to the best of my knowledge,
infringe or violate any rights of others. No Social Security numbers are
included in the work and all use of human subjects in support of the work has
been cleared by the Ball State University Institutional Review Board.

I further represent and warrant that I have obtained all necessary rights to
permit Ball State University to reproduce, transfer and distribute the work and
that any third-party owned content is clearly identified and acknowledged
within the work.

Faculty sponsorship of exemplary student work requires the permission of the
student, to be obtained according to <a href="http://cms.bsu.edu/About/AdministrativeOffices/Registrar/ForFacultyandStaff/FamilyEducationalRightsandPrivacyAct.aspx">FERPA</a> regulations using the Student Work
Permission Form.

By granting this license, I acknowledge that I have read and agreed to the
terms of this agreement and all related Cardinal Scholar and Ball State
University guidelines and policies, especially the specific deposit agreement
that pertains to me as outlined on the <a href="/page/deposit-agreement">Deposit Agreement</a> page.

Ball State University will clearly identify your name(s) as the author(s) or
owner(s) of the submission, and will not make any alteration, other than as
allowed by this license, to your deposited work.
